You should make a seperate file for css. Inside the head element of html, link the css file. Say, css file is called index.css and it is in the same folder as html file. Then add this in `<head>` element:
```html
<link rel='stylesheet' href='styles.css'>
```
`<link>` is a self-closing tag. 

in the css file, you can target specific class by adding a dot infront of class name and giveing it a property. here is an example. 
```css
.main_text {
font-family: Roboto;
color: grey;
background-color: black;
display: inline-block;
}
```
Here, class name is "main_text".


You can add background-image to whole page, by adding a `background-image` property to `body` element.
```css
body {
backgroud-image: url(www.exampleImgUrl.com)
}
```

you can align the text horizontally by using text-align property.

you can use margin and padding properties to add spaces around the elements. 
- **Content** - The content of the box, where text and images appear
- **Padding** - Clears an area around the content. The padding is transparent
- **Border** - A border that goes around the padding and content
- **Margin** - Clears an area outside the border. The margin is transparent

```css
div {  width: 300px;  
  border: 15px solid green;  
  padding: 50px;  
  margin: 20px;}
```

**Important:** When you set the width and height properties of an element with CSS, you just set the width and height of the **content area**. To calculate the full size of an element, you must also add padding, borders and margins.

The total width of an element should be calculated like this:
Total element width = width + left padding + right padding + left border + right border + left margin + right margin

The total height of an element should be calculated like this:
Total element height = height + top padding + bottom padding + top border + bottom border + top margin + bottom margin

